Alan tries using a socket Sink (#97)
rust-lang/wg-async-foundations: src/vision/status_quo/carrie_tries_a_socket_sink.md

## The story

Alan is working on a project that uses an alternative popular async framework. He finds the new async framework less familiar, and as he reads through their GitHub issues, he's saddened by the project maintainer's unwelcoming attitude towards their community. He asks his teammates if they can switch to the one he's more familiar with and feels more welcome in, but the teammates are understandably resistant to changing something that important just for one feature. So, he works hard to find workarounds to accomplish his team's goals.

One of the goals is to switch from a WebSocket implementation using raw TCP sockets to one managed behind an HTTP server library, so both HTTP and WebSocket commands can be forwarded to a transport-agnostic RPC server. He finds an HTTP server that's similar to one he's used to using with the other async framework, and a WebSocket middleware library that goes with it.

> However, as he's working, Alan encounters a situation where the socket needs to be written to within an async thread, and the traits just aren't working. He wants to do split the stream into a sender and receiver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, as he's working, Alan encounters a situation where the socket needs to be written to within an async thread, and the traits just aren't working. He wants to split the stream into a sender and receiver:
```

```rust
use futures::{SinkExt, StreamExt};
use async_std::sync::{Arc, Mutex};
use log::{debug, info, warn};

/// In the connection handler:
let (ws_sender, mut ws_receiver) = ws_stream.split();
let ws_sender = Arc::new(Mutex::new(ws_sender));

while let Some(msg) = ws_receiver.next().await {
    debug!("Received new WS RPC message: {:?}", msg);

    // Echo the request:
    match ws_sender.lock().await.send_string(msg).await {

>         Ok(_) => {
>             info!("New WS data sent.");
>         }
>         Err(_) => {
>             warn!("WS connection closed.");
>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Ok(_) => info!("New WS data sent."),
        Err(_) => warn!("WS connection closed."),
```

    };
}
```

> This is necessary because both sides of the stream are stateful Iterables, if they're kept as one, the lock on the receiver couldn't be released within the loop. He's seen this pattern used in other projects in the Rust community, but is frustrated to find that the Sink trait wasn't implemented in the WebSockets middleware library he's using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is necessary because both sides of the stream are stateful iterators, and if they're kept as one, the lock on the receiver can't be released within the loop. He's seen this pattern used in other projects in the Rust community, but is frustrated to find that the `Sink` trait wasn't implemented in the WebSockets middleware library he's using.
```

Alan also tries creating a sort of poller worker thread using an intermediary messaging channel, but he has trouble reasoning about the code and wasn't able to get it to compile:

```rust
use async_std::channel;
use async_std::sync::{Arc, Mutex};
use log::{debug, info, warn};

/// In the connection handler:
let (ws_sender, mut ws_receiver) = channel::unbounded::<String>();
let ws_receiver = Arc::new(ws_receiver);

let ws_stream = Arc::new(Mutex::new(ws_stream));
let poller_ws_stream = ws_stream.clone();

async_std::task::spawn(async move {
    while let Some(msg) = ws_receiver.next().await {
        match poller_ws_stream.lock().await.send_string(msg).await {

>             Ok(msg) => {
>                 info!("New WS data sent. {:?}", msg);
>             }
>             Err(msg) => {
>                 warn!("WS connection closed. {:?}", msg);
>             }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Ok(msg) => info!("New WS data sent. {:?}", msg),
            Err(msg) => warn!("WS connection closed. {:?}", msg),
```

        };
    }
});

while let Some(msg) = ws_stream.lock().await.next().await {
    // Echo the request?
    ws_sender.send(msg);
}
```

> Alan wonders if he's thinking about it wrong, but the solution isn't as obvious as his earlier Sink approach. Looking around, he realizes a solution to his problems already exists-- as others have been in his shoes before-- within two other nearly-identical pull requests, but they were both closed by the project maintainers. He tries opening a third one with the same code, pointing to an example where it was actually found to be useful. To his joy, his original approach works with the code in the closed pull requests in his local copy! Alan's branch is able to compile for the first time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alan wonders if he's thinking about it wrong, but the solution isn't as obvious as his earlier `Sink` approach. Looking around, he realizes a solution to his problems already exists-- as others have been in his shoes before-- within two other nearly-identical pull requests, but they were both closed by the project maintainers. He tries opening a third one with the same code, pointing to an example where it was actually found to be useful. To his joy, his original approach works with the code in the closed pull requests in his local copy! Alan's branch is able to compile for the first time.
```

> However, almost immediately, his request was also shut down, and the maintainer suggested he try the complex, unobvious, and unspecific solution that he had already tried and just couldn't get it to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, his pull request gets shut down instantaneously, and the maintainer suggests he try the complex, unobvious, and unspecific solution that he had already tried and couldn't get it to work.
```

Author: I think instantaneously is the wrong phrase here, but the other suggestions are great!

> As a result of his frustration, Alan calls out one of the developers of the project on social media, who he believed had frequently shot down the idea of using Sink traits on projects others needed to use them on. This is not well-received, the maintainer reacts with a condescending and dismissive attitude, and he later finds out he was blocked. A co-maintainer responds to the thread, defending and supporting the other maintainer's actions, and he's told to "get over it". He's given a link to a blog post with a piece [lamenting the popularity of Sink in the Rust ecosystem](https://blog.yoshuawuyts.com/rust-streams/#why-we-do-not-talk-about-the-sink-trait), and how it's complex and bad and not worth it, but the piece also unhelpfully makes no effort to provide examples of how the better alternatives would be used to replace uses of Sink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result of his frustration, Alan calls out one of the developers of the project on social media, who he believed had frequently shot down the idea of using `Sink` traits. This is not well-received, the maintainer reacts with a condescending and dismissive attitude, and he later finds out he was blocked. A co-maintainer responds to the thread, defending and supporting the other maintainer's actions, and he's told to "get over it". He's given a link to a blog post with a piece [lamenting the popularity of Sink in the Rust ecosystem](https://blog.yoshuawuyts.com/rust-streams/#why-we-do-not-talk-about-the-sink-trait), and how it's complex,  bad and not worth it. The piece unhelpfully makes no effort to provide examples of how the better alternatives would be used to replace uses of `Sink`.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if you meant to name the specific blog post here?

Author: Do you think I should put it down below?

Because of this heated exchange, Alan grows concerned for his own career, what these well-known community members might think or say about his to others, and his confidence in the community surrounding this language that he really enjoys using is somewhat shaken.

> Despite this, Alan takes a walk, gathers his determination, and commits to maintaining his fork with the changes from the other pull requests that were shut down, and publihes his version to Crates.io, vowing to be more welcoming to "misfit" pull requests like the one he needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite this, Alan takes a walk, gathers his determination, and commits to maintaining his fork with the changes from the other pull requests that were shut down, and publishes his version to crates.io, vowing to be more welcoming to "misfit" pull requests like the one he needed.
```
